ramble thank you to Rosetta Stone for
sponsoring today's
episode what the heck is up pluggers
we're in a parking garage that's right
no way no we were going to record until
I found a spot did I just find a spot or
is this person backing up to get it do
you think I should just be there I think
this person is waiting to get it and if
you if you take this spot right now
you're going to be lambast on the
internet for being the biggest [ __ ]
that I've ever met actually yeah no it's
their spot we can't get it guys we're uh
we're at the Americana we are on our way
to crash eat the menu that's right I
mean the mall means a lot to me as a
sort of identity and I'm excited to kind
of dip my toe in also by the way I love
this mall oh yeah this is the mall of
all malls the Americana it's an indoor
mall outdoor mall every single store
available and it has a great Vibe rainy
R is a brand ambassador for the americ I
wish indoor mall outd and everything is
available when you want on it BL this
person's Brave by the way they just
[ __ ] parked wherever the hell they
want a made up spot that's crazy not
even I can't believe they did that I
just you know before we even get into
this episode I just want y'all to know
cuz look I know there was a lot of
concern my you know Mr miles be out here
on the interwebs making this big stink
saying look at me look at me I'm doing
shoved me Z shoved me I was saying the
remes will never die d right is back and
if we're not getting if we're not
getting a little snack by the end mhm
I'm going to crash Z
car oh
[Music]
my uh we do need to find a spot though
so we do honestly and can I say this
Zach yeah people frown upon this why but
I think you should park on the roof on
the roof I feel like people are like oh
I don't want to park on the roof that's
literally for dorks and losers it feels
like you've Lo no I know but sometimes
just deciding that you're going to park
on the roof as a rule is like oh today
I'm parking on the roof so like I'm
forgoing the stress we're going on the
roof but it says Exit the roof the roof
the roof is
on I'll also say Zach really recently
I've been getting into the idea of when
I go to the airport oh guess what I'm
doing ubering are you driving yourself
I'm parking at the airport with my own
godamn car I think that is dud a pro
move it's I'm saving money spot spot
spot I but at this point if you don't
park on the roof are the people really
going to be happy are you you're gonna
make me narratively I think it's more
satisfying [ __ ] on the roof and we're
going to be able to overlook the mall
see like he's not even barking this
person literally went back into the spot
because they said you know what Zach
you're right [ __ ] you pig I'm going I'm
going on the roof by the way I also in
high school that was kind of my move the
roof i' be like hey you know where we
should go to freaking kiss in my car to
the parking garage rout you can see all
downtown Burbank from here shout out to
North Carolinians who are living near
the Weaver Street in Hillsboro cuz that
freaking parking garage roof is where I
was Max salad okay tell we're par
there's so many parking spots now but at
this point we're going to the roof at
this point we're going to the roof okay
well basically so I went it was 100
bones to park there over the weekend I
know what you're thinking miles that's a
lot of money and I know that it is but
if I was to Uber there I checked on the
way and on the way back it was $75 to
Uber there and then it was [ __ ] $80
to Uber back and it was going to take me
[ __ ] forever in traffic I'm in the
back seat I'm throwing up from the car
sickness there we go wow see look how
spacious it is on the [ __ ] roof wow
you don't do a donut don't do a donut I
wasn't going to do a donut Z literally
going to do donuts on the roof podcast
where we did Donuts this is wow podcast
from the roof look at this beautiful
view wow it's so smuggy it's kind
of it's unbelievable the lack of
visibility essentially not only did I
get to drive myself something I enjoy
doing um and holy [ __ ] what happened to
this car there's a car that is so [ __ ]
up on the roof it's almost like art
installation sad for that car I don't
wait it looks like an art installation
you think it was intentional yeah it's
like kind of bashed to Pieces but then
also has this paint job it looks
intentional and then there looks like
there's like Legos why would they park
it on the roof well they maybe they just
know what you're
juicing anyway so I saved no please God
forbid you don't finish the story
[Laughter]
yeah that's right people I saved money
by driving myself to the airport it's
sort of a throwback idea I've got a big
idea for both of you that I can't employ
yet let's hear it Rainey so you guys are
both married yeah so you do a high
school date ending on the
roof okay I do like where you're going
Zach is literally doing a donut I'm
doing really slow donut Z is taking away
hand donut before by the way there's a
car that's literally there literally
nothing illegal about what I'm doing
Tech well by the way it's not IND
dangerous nor illegal nor impressive
because you're going so slow I'm doing
oh my God I'm
fun I'm doing 12 km hour donut I
literally am getting car are you
actually okay so you know what I look at
the Horizon are you actually getting car
look at one point on the
horizon the great thing about one point
on the horizon the great thing about the
prus is the turning radius one point in
the Horizon wait tell me are you is this
a bti or are you actually getting car
sick part of me feels like I'm getting a
little car sick but I feel like if I
look at the at the parking thing and I
just you're supposed to fix it on one
point it's like C if I if I accidentally
like go in my wheel my car is you're
toast but luckily we have it recorded on
the
plog a little bit faster now it's no
we're at 13 km per hour this is crazy 11
we're literally doing donuts in the
[ __ ] parking lot do you think anyone
is do you think anyone is watching this
and is is concerned about this Reckless
Behavior This Woman's calling the police
she's saying there's hoodlums there's
hoodlums in a in a Prius sey just to be
clear you are having a good time yes I'm
getting a I would say let's do just
maybe one more one more rotation and
there we go we got to balance it yeah
that was interesting see okay see no so
somebody went we have to got to balance
it out we got to even out the car
sickness Zach's doing one more donut you
can see that someone in the same spot
did way has people have done Donuts
which Bigg Donuts which is so Dum going
way faster though
tummy feels weird by the way yeah I just
had a like I I like I'm really it's sort
of like we were on a a boat El why don't
you just park anywhere there's a million
[ __ ] spots you have to go to the roof
Z well it's hard to know which spot is
best but I actually this is a piece of
advice that I think people are going to
need and it's that you should park on
the goddamn roof I mean I could park
like yeah here's what I want to hear
your thoughts on the sun heating up your
car yeah I I have a sun shield suns are
you put up a sun shield God is so dorky
it's so dorky God that's dorky it's
really dorky and my little sun
shield yeah I I agree CU you're going to
get too what toasty when you get in the
car r do you have a sun shield it's you
know what it's I don't have time for
that I don't even have time to respond
to my messages and there's no way I'm
taking extra five hey I want to be clear
I want to be clear my beautiful loving
partner got the sun shield and you want
to make sure you're abiding by throwing
her under the bus right now Zach Maggie
is slandered by Zach and by the way
Zach's one that's going to be canceled
for it yeah oh the sun shield wasn't my
ideaa it wasn't was didn't come up with
ity made me I don't making me do the sun
shield I know you think that I am
together enough to get a [ __ ] sun
shield no you can barely put your
[ __ ] ass
forward
but but by the way the sun shield what's
the purpose I don't want my car to be
stained by the Sun or I don't want the
hotness to get so hot that when I sit in
the car is going to be hot I think it's
because like you get in the car and the
steering wheel is like hot to the touch
by way I used to when I was a kid my
parents would drive a Volvo station
wagon one of my favorites Le leather
interior so I would get into that car
and truly my my legs would burn okay how
about this I'm curious your thoughts on
this uh MJ in our office said the other
day she was looking into getting driving
gloves UV protection I think that that
is more about the fashion of it no no
she's a very careful Sun girl Sun girl
she's a careful Sun girl and I cuz like
look right now my hand is on the
steering wheel root baking in the sun
yeah do you know what shows the age your
hands the hands I got to tell you man I
think you're supposed to put sunscreen
on your hands I think that I I would
like my hands to be weathered because it
means I've lived a life worth living
well your energy is definitely a
weathered hands Vibe but mine isn't
thank you rainy by the way me and Rainey
our Vibe is soft hands I've never been
outside
is such an outdoors person yeah I am I
actually the when I got my astrology
readed and I cited this before she was
like the outside is your religion and I
was like that's true no I think that is
true you can catch Ria in a waterfall oh
yeah catch me in a waterfall catch me on
a mountain oh man catch me a hi I do
miss that about the south where I feel
like I was always in a pond always in a
river enjoying the sort of scummy water
and dipping my hand in a muddy pool oh
yeah rainy were you with us yesterday
are you on this astrology app that
everyone in our office is on I am but it
is AI generated wait what do you mean
yeah what do you mean if you know and
you know who's the detective and Natty
plug Matt McLean was like this sounds
like Ai and then he looked it up he was
like it's Ai and then I lost all faith
in it that is crushing did you think it
was going to be
bespoke like I thought they had Oh you
mean you thought somebody was writing it
every day literally I thought they had
astrologist I thought there was an
office with a bunch of astrologist well
now I don't want to plug I don't want to
plug the app but I'll tell you about it
cuz it was cool m is that Desiree was
saying not only does it tell me my
astrology for the day my horoscope if
you will is that it tells me my friend's
horoscope so let's say the three of us
had it like I've used this before but it
would be like hey Zach you and miles
today butting heads whoa no you're gonna
you're gonna pound it oh you're GNA have
to get along great I'm gonna pound it
you're GNA we're gonna pound I guess I
don't work for the company anymore um
but the
okay so that's interesting um what's the
app
called vka know okay so well here's what
you know that reminds me of um Natty
plugged to a video I watched several
minutes of not the whole thing Danny
Gonzalez just made a video called I made
a fake I I and the video was he he made
this app that went on the App Store and
it was called chat DNE and the idea was
that it's made to look like it's a chat
gbt but when people asking questions
it's just him answering them yeah was a
good I saw that thumbnail I watch really
funny premise and I watched like a
little bit of I really liked it and I
was just like that is such a funny like
to have it actually be a human person is
really weird in a way too because it's
just like some guy on the other end
writing out his idea of what your
astrological [ __ ] is going to be by the
way right there such like so indicative
of one of the main challenges of YouTube
based entertainment you were like love
this guy loved the video super
interesting watched a couple minutes
well I know it's I honestly I watch it's
not his fault right no it's not it's
just like right before I left for um for
this I was like oh let me watch just a
little bit of this I don't have time to
watch the also sometimes like with the
video is 18 minutes long and I was kind
of like I'm sure that this is great God
forbid a lot of people a lot of people
are going to watch the whole thing but I
was like 18 minutes for me is a lot and
depending on if I was going to watch it
on the TV and I don't really browse
YouTube on my TV but I think that that
is maybe like what the intention is I
don't know 18 minutes is a long time for
me to stare at my computer screen which
it shouldn't be cuz I'll play a video
game for [ __ ] you know 2 hours and
you know I still haven't beat Zelda oh
you should I'm I'm working on it well
speaking of minutes yeah we got to go to
the cheese we're late [ __ ] we'll see
you at the G gang
vory what the heck is up we're here at
the factory of cakes of cheese I love
cheesecake by the way I got to be honest
I think we sat maybe in this booth for
the birthday episode of comptition it
was couple over couple over and I know
that because uh our camera crew was
situated right over there but where
Keith is currently filming eat the menu
is where Jonathan and Jack were posted
whilst uh we were singing Happy Birthday
to me that's right I I do remember that
I mean Cheesecake Factory really means a
lot to all of us oh yeah I mean it sort
of is the place of your engagement
that's right yeah that's correct Zach
engaged me here yeah I I will say we
have uh not to overhype and over tease
but we do have what was going going to
be a single episode cany competition now
fully ideated into a full season and um
I don't know when it'll be able to
happen cuz it takes 2029 yeah it's I
think something that needs to be really
built up too we're we're awaiting a call
back from Soderberg oh my God to have
Soderberg direct candid it' be really
funny to have like a really weird
outdoor director directa cand
competition gr Timothy shalom's debut as
a director as a director I actually
think you would be not bad I he that
busy right now what do we think about
him and Ken Kylie I actually really
support it it's it's giving you don't
support I think that it's fake oh no
it's definitely not fake they're making
out at T Swift you think it's fake first
of all it was at Beyonce second of all
also at the US Open yeah they're making
out that's real it's giving High School
theater kid and popular girl but it's
after after high school and like Timothy
sh is like actually like I'm just kind
of vibing and Kylie Jenner's like wait
where's this Artistic integrity that I'm
searching for and she's getting getting
it from Tim O T I think that he yeah
he's on strike do you need to seey I was
like maybe I'll St I Rainey was like
kind of like kneeling on the ground and
her knees were hurting I could tell so
we're about to crash eat the menu and
Rainey was like wait a second is our
sound going to be used in the video and
I was like yeah and she like I could see
the wave of anxiety that's right and
like of like if I [ __ ] up this sound
then I [ __ ] up the video sound as if we
don't always rely on this sound really
good point yeah Stakes are no different
the audio for this does time the audio
for this who cares the audio for the
main
Shan that's what we need feels like a
ball like every time it's like okay it's
a regular school and now we're going to
the prom which is funny cuz it's like
yeah what we do like we release three
episodes every week that get a certain
amount of views like what's up standby
now I'm noticing that there's a bunch of
Starbucks gouda sandwiches which we did
not actually order but they were here on
set a guda for the crew and I would say
that are we not crew I mean here's a
good question for you and it's that when
I arrived at the office today I had a
piping cold bowl of Cinnamon Toast
Crunch now I'm no longer a full-time
employee you do kind of influence me
every time you eat cereal like that I'm
like you are making it look like a
delight it's because I'm not having
cereal at home to in the least I'm not
having Cal at home it's genuine love
when I come into the office and I think
this is on the company for the company
as a freelancer that's the cereal that
I'm going to want would you what do we
consider you are you freelancer are you
a talent for hire gun for hire I'm a
mercenary I kind of like that I just
want clear that for legal purposes and
whatever [ __ ] you do in your in your
other life that you are not on payroll
no I'm definitely not on payroll I'm a
1099 employe you don't control me I'm a
1099 employee I'm a wild card oh yeah
okay you're no different than any of
these she out there yeah that's right
yeah sorry I don't know what that differ
in these sheep out there you were saying
I want to hear your best salacious thing
now that you're free oh that's
interesting now that you've escaped let
me now that you say something a little
more salous is a walking
key I want you to imagine traveling to a
new country and you can speak and say
hello to someone in their language
Rosetta Stone they are the most trusted
language learning program it's available
on desktop or anap and it truly immerses
you in the language you want to learn
I've been watching some Spanish language
shows and I want to get better at not
having to read subtitles uh so I'm
getting close where I can actually just
watch the show and enjoy Rosetta Stone
has been The Trusted expert for 30 years
with millions of users and 25 languages
offered this is fast language
acquisition okay the coolest thing is
they have a speech recognition uh with
their true accent feature it is super
convenient you can have a desktop and an
app option it's an amazing value
lifetime membership has all 25 languages
don't put off learning that language
there's no better time than right now to
get started for very limited time our
listeners can get Rosetta Stones
lifetime membership for 40% off that's
$179 for unlimited access to 25 language
courses for the rest of your life redeem
your 40% off at rosettastone.com truist
today maybe like a secret if you've ever
stolen from Whole Foods oh stolen from
Whole Foods well so I used to when I was
a kid M um sunglasses from Walmart
exclusively something that you walk out
with for free that's Gratis on the
company that's Gratis that is on the
company in a lot of ways yeah okay oh
they are rolling we're here on set at uh
eat the menu Cheesecake Factory rolling
three part series that they're doing
three three parts it's a magnum opus
it's a it's a menu so big that we
couldn't fit it into one episode I
thought it was two it's three it's three
bro and we're not I mean at that point
we're not overhyping we're not
overmilking we are giving the people
what they deserve it's cheesecake it is
some would say we're milking it we're
say we're cheesecak it no it literally
is such a massive menu that it like
Keith did part one and was more wrecked
than most eth the menus czy cuz it's big
and it's also heavy the cuisine amount
is quite um it's sort of worldly there's
a crab rangoon yeah he got he love the
crab R I love C he got here at 8:00 in
the morning and started eating um right
now he's eating chicken marsala which is
a heavy dish for okay it's 11:34 that's
that's that's okay that's not too bad
but a little bit heavy to be your 18th
dish yeah Jesus I mean I'm hoping that
we get some lunch in cuz we're recording
another podcast after this yeah we're
back to back so um we better hope that
I'm filling up on shrimp Linguini or a
crab rangon I hate to bring it up twice
I don't even know what what series we're
in like which part of the menu like are
we doing Entre are we doing dessert well
I know that our segment got moved we
were supposed to do it earlier we're
kind of um we're drift we're without a
home we
are Nomad
jice I mean here's a question for you
Zach have you been speaking of
Cheesecake speaking of food really I
mean it's the fuel that fuels us
literally have you been using literally
feel the is have you ever have you been
using the doen recently oh yeah Zach the
doen I would say I've been
doing oh oh great okay we are getting
the green light to uh crash eat the menu
and we'll check back in with the doin
yeah yeah that's a TV so we're going to
crash e the menu now we've we've been
given the summons that we need to go to
okay here we go so how are we going to
do this we don't really know all right
so I think I should sit on the other
side of Keith and I'll sit on the other
other side of okay that's good all right
so let's just kind of here we go hey
Keith um we decided that we wanted to be
your guest
today so we're kind of we're going to
just sort of maneuver the cables just a
little bit welcome everyone to the trip
blog Mr Keith habsburger hi thank you
thank you so much for joining us on the
plug how is eth the menu going it's good
I I've had a lot and I'm very full I
just had the chicken marsala it was
pretty good if you like chicken marsala
is this food you've this is what you
have to eat yeah there are uh five
gigantic Entre and a six Entre it looks
like you haven't even touched I did have
a bite is it chicken marcala is is
marcala dairy looks amaz I bet you
there's butter in it that okay I promise
you there's butter in it it's not cream
do you mind if I just get a little T
what go okay just dance around the table
man what's been your favorite thing
you've had so far Keith and also are you
putting chicken Keith chicken sauce on
the what is that mushroom
Linguini it's chicken
maralal open your ear holes bro you said
do you mean faral parala parala parala
parala La am very nice they just call
bow tie pasta here we keep we need to
keep sh hey man you're the one holding
us up all right here we go let's try
this one this is the
chicken oh this is another chicken with
bacon oh I'm looking at the bacon and
it's looking really nice Keith some of
these look like um you better hurry up
before they can
bro this is the so this is a really nice
eat the menu behind the scenes where
Keith doesn't know everything he's
asking producers off green I thought she
said chicken raisin the chicken
reasing that's how and I'm going to go
ahead and give a little helicopter
airplane woo to Mr miles
B you hit my tooth yeah it was a little
too big of a
piece ke I see where you like
that
do and I'm getting I'm getting peanut
butter no you're not I'm getting a note
from the
chef notes of nut butter drowns far fall
we're on to the next dish Chicken
reasing o keeps holding my finger he
took a nice big bite oh so cute and he's
eating it it looks like he's surprised
by the taste it tastes like reasing o it
does kind of it tastes like a sweet wine
Flavor now T talk to me about reasing
it's a wine it's a white wine it's sweet
that's as far as I can go got it now and
eat the menu uh Rarity is that we have
Representatives here from the restaurant
I believe that's that table over there
at the restaurant we're at the
restaurant also a rarity yeah it is a
rare those are my
friends hello chefs those are my girls
thank you chef and what I like is as you
were describing the flavor they just had
like a a nod like a nice Stern like yes
there is reing yeah don't you taste the
wine I actually do taste the wine Keith
you got a Supple note of
grape and the bacon is Forefront for
Paramount for Paramount now here's a
question are the chefs aware that we
have recorded secret video in these two
booths and multiple occasion actually
yeah your guys's little your little
naked Escapade is what got us this
opportunity to begin with it's
unbelievable to me that is so
interesting yeah miles and I uh we ate
in body pain here and there were some
you know most people loved it I would
say it was a a 99 out of 100 success but
the factory person endorses it they
loved it they want more of it the Tony's
Pizza that's a pizza no but doesn't it
look like the Frozen Tony's Pizza to you
it does am I looking is this chicken I
assume it's chicken it's chicken that
has
been it's a chicken frisbee of s hold on
hold on we actually have to hear the the
actual name chicken yeah chicken
Parmesan pizza style pizza style chicken
Parmesan pizza style and my favorite way
to have pizza with a glob of pasta on it
of course this is incredible I've never
seen anything like this this is a
chicken cutlet that has been mashed my
God into a giant Circle it to look like
a pizza and then it is dressed like a
pizza and then they said let's put a
mound of pasta on top this looks
incredible the chicken pizz
Johan Keith you doing okay yeah Keith
how you feel Keith Keith's energy is
sort of uh full
oh and I'm getting that closeup in 4k
cuz I'm s I'm inches from his mouth I'll
say this does the cheesecake also come
Pizza
style I doubt
it
um it does tastes like pizza what
percentage through the video are we at
this point 80 this second to last SE 85%
oh second to last penultimate
penultimate session now how does this
how does the cheesecake High compared to
say you're
recreational my recreational high is
different because it doesn't hurt my
body as much normally it also doesn't
make me have to poop for 15 minutes
either you have to poop did you just go
poop
and now you have to poop again okay cuz
you did it but you will again you have
to poop at the top is nodding yes no and
yes for those keeping track at the top
of the video no oh be the middle in the
bend minutes
ago that's when you have to go to the
bathroom that's awesome man while you're
recording Ethan menu we are in the
middle of a podcast so what is your take
on uh timot and Kylie they're together
that's right Keith no what do you mean
you miss that they're making out
everywhere beon my Tik Tok algorithm is
Like Us open is like people like like my
Tik Tok isn't yours I think this is sort
of a to all the boys I love before
situation where they're fake dating and
then they're going to really fall in
love Yeah interesting move over
brangelina it's time for timle timley is
MIL just coined that kyy kyy I think
that he's on strike and then school's
going to come back in session he's like
I got to focus on my grades which is for
him is Oscars I kind of like having a
microphone on this
show it's fun yeah Keith you know that
art installation that is the like Dipper
and it's kind of moving the oil from
every part that's kind of what you're
like in a lot of ways right now on this
a sad exhibit isn't it Ry is going for a
bite of the chicken pizza it because I'm
hungry yeah you can eat as much as you
like the chicken picata hey I thought
something else earlier was the chicken
picata but it was the chicken cost aada
what do you think Ry if you if this
could be a grain-free like pizza cuz it
kind it tastes like bread well it's
chicken but it's chicken so it's like
high protein bread there is breading on
it it's like protein Pizza mhm in a way
chicken is grain-free
Pizza normally chicken or grain bread
that's interesting if the animal eats it
is it grainfree
oh the chicken picata the chicken picata
chicken
C
baby you're doing an inagata deita
reference chicken pic
baby very hip I'll say that the lemon
presents Keith is blowing my dick off
the chicken
picata is a pick of the litter pick out
of the litter it's good it's good but
it's rich and creamy and the pasta feels
good let me I want to touch oh God it's
nice you guys are touching the pasta
like it's finger food yeah and that's
interesting to me any food is a finger
if you finger it my fingers are going
in he is getting a bit oh my gosh that
is so it's actually not gross I'm
blaming this on theast Keith is
fingering the pasta and you're wor the
jerk well
[Laughter]
he's next up oh my God this looks
incredible this is chicken parmesan
normal style it's a crusted chicken Rano
[ __ ] damn ity there's some really good
Capers on there oh I love Caper by the
way did you know it's a berry you should
try the spaghetti it's best enjoyed with
your fingers I'm not I'm not touching
the spaghetti it's three fingers good I
can smell the previous course yeah let's
try a big old bite of spaghetti
everybody a white
shirt oh my God what's kind of amazing
that you don't get to see in a normal e
the menu is the looks of disgust off
camera everyone is is grossed out from
Keith I would say for Keith you know
like Jack what's going through your mind
right now you have to listen to all
these sounds yeah stimulus overload yeah
stimulus overload also say typically
when I've
been typically when I'm a guest on this
show I'm looking at the food outward at
the camera but because we're doing the
podcast I'm staring right at Keith's
mouth I think this spaghetti has butter
on it and then they put on pasta sauce
taste it let me uh somebody taste it I'm
get the world tell me if you think it
has butter and pasta sauce so kayin
you're here behind the scenes of eat the
menu and uh Your Role today is what I
take pictures and videos and
giggle and you've been interviewing all
of our special guests lots of cool
people yes met um I met a a dancing oh
somebody that choreographed for black
pink that was big for me Kyle hanagami
oh I missed him oh he was really nice
I've been asking them all to give
encouraging words to Keith that's been
sweet very cool very cool and let's go
over here we're going to interview
producer desire hbit desire you had to
go through the entire menu do we just
mute his mic in the final edit do we
just mute his mic in his I think we need
your guys' mic I'm do I'm over here
doing investigative journalism what kind
of Investigation are you doing people
want to know what it's like behind the
scenes that eat the menu I think that
they are I think this chicken Romano is
pretty good so you had to go through the
entire menu and organize it what was
that process like for you it was hard it
was a lot of reading it was a lot of
organizing um it took like an entire
workday to go through it damn and how do
you feel like the shoot is going so far
well it was great but the podcast has
really made things chaotic I have no
idea what's going on I'm supposed to be
watching what's going on but I'm talking
to you well awesome we're going to let
you back to it can't wait to see the
final product thank you so much Desiree
and Zach is returning to the fold
uh the chicken Bellagio Keith go ahead
and say it with a cute face the chicken
Bellagio
oh
Kei it's kind of looks like a brain with
the brain stem coming out of it like a
flat brain oh flat brain flat brain flat
brain flat brain flat brain flat brain
flat brain flat bra flat brain flat
brain flat here with the factory ready
to eat the chicken bagio is what I'm
here for flat flat brain flat brain flat
Pat brain flat brain I'm curious about
the pur did you know that when I was a
little kid kid I thought Bido made me
sleepy I thought I was allergic cuz I
fell asleep at Macaroni Grill on my
birthday and my parents were like you
must be allergic in a way that it makes
you go to sleep immediately and the next
day I was like I feel pretty tired after
having the leftovers and for years I
thought I was allergic to Pudo and that
it made me have to go to
sleep the chicken
Bellagio wow that was a big bite Keith
is not messing
round Prett good the bito is really good
no it's salty it's my favorite part
about it he have you talked about like
Memories at the Cheesecake Factory yet I
don't have any you don't have any you
never win this is his third time here
and the second time was last video oh
wow that was too big a bite yeah it was
a huge bite bro you're still chewing
have you ever choked on E the menu
almost once really mhm from what what
was the I guess you can't say I don't
remember I was just eating and I like I
was trying to talk and be hilarious and
I inhaled and then I like for a moment I
was like uhoh uhoh but I got it out and
no one even knew wow secret choke that's
scary it might have been jacked in the
Box you know most people die from
choking because they're
embarrassed no if you're choking don't
go to the bathroom it is kind of
embarrassing cuz it's like oh my God my
throat's so thin I'm such a tiny
throated girl or boy oh my and when you
keep coughing and you're like
interrupting people you can't cough when
you're choking fun fact oh really is
that true the air is blocked you can't
make any noise that's how you know if
you're ever worried about someone
choking if they're making sound they're
not if they're not making sound they are
because you can't breathe you can't
generate sound so someone's like help
I'm choking they're not choking could
you start choking or start coughing and
then later choke like start start like
is that you cough or is it like if
they're coughing don't worry about it
it's just a 10-minute or thing thing
well I think if you were to if you
coughed and then you started choking I'd
be confused as to how your coughs work
oh they're not effective right because
coughs shoot forward maybe it shoots it
forward and then Ricochet off the back
of your teeth and right back into your
throat if I had this when I was 7 years
old I think it'd be the best thing I had
had in your life I would be like holy
[ __ ] I mean it's one of the best things
I've had now it's good I just mean it's
like it's like primed up there's chicken
there's P screaming yeah miles just
screaming most people when they get on a
microphone they get quieter but not him
how many espresso Mar he has had a lot
of es no I haven't they keep taking it
away and giving job yeah okay I'm a
freelancer let's get another round of
the special Martin the T well guys
thanks for coming on the show I guess um
thank you so much for joining us on the
plug is there anything you'd like to
plug yeah I want to say check out the e
the Mini's kick Factory three-part Super
Bowl Extravaganza coming on Saturdays
this October I liked it when you said it
though I was like that's going to get
turn that's going to convert people I
think so all right well we're just going
to um you keep doing your thing we're
going to get out of here okay we're
going to take all cour hey Keith I want
to say I really appreciate you lending
some of the food to us yeah I'm glad you
were here you helped out I think thanks
for joining the plog every week we go on
a fun adventure out into the world and
we podcast The Experience join us over
on the plug uh the tripod is what it's
called we nailed it um should we get
some
coffee 3 two 1 wow guys we freaking
crushed that now here's what I'll say
never before at 11:00 have we been full
so full of pasta well we I guess
collectively we yes I did you you add
almost no food I I would say correct on
the almost I had none you had no food
because of the butter of it all the
butter and the cream of it all and you
said I was there for The Vibes you
looked at the podcast listeners and you
said you're not worth it to me you're
not worth diarrhea to me I'll say this
there and I'll say this to everyone out
listening out there you're worth a
diarrhea to me and I think will would be
happy to house your diarrhea that's a
great Point stay tuned next episode
we're going to Mr will wh were's home
you're not going to want to use that
bathroom I'll just I'm going to say
right now I I would tread L on what you
sit down on
I'm so nervous I think we are maybe the
best guest that he's ever had um I also
think that we brought the viewers behind
the scenes to what uh uh an eth the menu
shoot is like um I think we are going to
have to mute your guys' mics for a lot
of it yeah that's so interesting you
said that cuz Rainey and I were sort of
like H how do we cut this together and
by we I mean Rainey cuz I'm not doing
any cutting CU I don't do that anymore
yeah I just show up on the day fart out
a podcast and go home early welcome to
my world that's right hey you own the
company technically you do have a
full-time job but not the way you do it
baby feel like you work I feel like you
work May way more than fulltime I work
too much you wake up grinding emails
grinding crypto
grind these coins ain't going to mind
themselves baby waking up and then being
like let me check my phone and then
there's a work email and then I'm like
oh I have to deal with that and then I'm
just
awake like
NOS so we we recently in the last year
and a half year I don't know we we got
try guys emails for everybody really
confusing to do after four years yeah
well we had been we had been talking
about it for a while and it just didn't
happen um but my hope with that is that
it allows you to not check you know I I
always feel a lot of guilt sending an
email on the weekend but it's also like
weekend is when I can do work oh sure
cuz you're like oh I'm not busy with
shoots or anything like that yeah so
like on Saturday I you know I put in I
don't know 6 hours 6 hour days of like
doing notes sending emails and sometimes
I'll remember to to do press that button
where it doesn't send till Monday
morning but I also sometimes just right
like don't read this yeah yet yeah but I
know it's hard you get an email and then
you read it it's I don't really know
what the answer is no I also send those
text where it's like hey I know this is
700 p.m. don't I just don't want to
forget that's to me the subtext of
anything I send that's laate it's like
don't respond to this because I am just
doing it now so I don't forget yeah and
and I think it's up you know look each
person can have their own personal
boundaries and some people like maybe
you and I like working at night and
that's when we're more productive and
we're going to be less productive during
the day and so long as it's not you know
if it's an issue then we just talk about
it I I hope we can operate that way it's
a little bit into the sauce of how we
make our sauce into the sauce of emails
and how they work you know I guys we're
at the mall and I'm just sort of opening
my eyes it's a beautiful day it's a
beautiful day out and um forgive us cuz
there's absolutely copyrighted music
playing that you're going to hear just a
fre in the background but now we
go are you hearing it I feel like I feel
like we're not even hearing it let me
let me get a little taste yeah you get a
taste of the copyright well also after
the Noise Gate you're not even going to
hear any of it so we're
talking yo no joke can't even hear the
music that's what I like to hear
honestly and whoa what's up you sound
good do you really do I never get to
listen through the headphones during the
plog and this is wow you want to and
take responsibility for if there's any
errors I would actually love by the way
that's a really good idea rainy and I
just chat like CHS and Zach runs okay
hold on let me just check the levels
he's going on miles is loud Zach back on
the
sticks I'm going to turn miles down all
[Laughter]
way I had my first kiss at them all like
I'm all meing lot lucky you know what I
mean it was at the movie Oceans 13 uh
ocean you waited all the way till
13 I was a l Bloomer no I was in it was
a summer in between 8th grade and nth
grade okay so I kind of was a l Bloomer
like I feel like I mean when was was
first guys no that that that was it for
me grade nth no I was 19 you were 19
think I was 18 no I was 18 I was 18 but
I'm here to say it's fine was so
self-conscious about it for a long time
never too late I mean I was also
self-conscious about it and I think it's
just it's a self-conscious thing when
you're a kid yeah and you're like okay
well why is like is there something
wrong with me when is it going to happen
for me was like that's fine yeah yeah
you know what I think it was for me was
I was not actually a veil and I thought
I was I thought it was like oh I really
want I really want a boyfriend really
want but I think like the way I
interacted I don't think they could tell
interesting are we going to get us a
little treat or
what so Zach didn't want to hear about
my first kiss I'm a freelancer Zach I
can give the salacious details of me at
13 smooching in a phone photo booth it
wasn't at the movie it was well no so
here's what happened it's just hard to
listen to you when I haven't had my
little
chai honestly now you say chai I think a
chai to stay a to oh we could even do a
ceramic mug this time we that's what I'm
saying gang there's no way do you think
they do c we always go to go and we are
sitting outside of the Nordstrom EB bar
what does the E stand for
yeah could be anything incredible you
know what I'll also say my high school
girlfriend her restaurant enough about
her getting jealous no but this was a
different girlfriend cuz at this point I
was what 15 and her favorite restaurant
was in the
Nordstrom Nordstrom has like a really
good restaurant that has a good salad
it's actually pretty good yeah yeah this
one have it underrated King I think it
might I'm not even hungry anymore but I
definitely get a salad with a parmesan
crisp cuz that's what's going on at
Nordstrom that was my her favorite salad
wow Zach did you have a girlfriend in
high school uh yeah yeah he had slew of
them he said yeah I feel like you were
always having a girlfriend no I would
that was the and you were the point
guard on the basketball
team well I had this it was really
interesting actually in high school
because I was the star basketball player
but I secretly was also a really good
singer oh that's and so I auditioned for
the musical um and it kind of created
this Rift where the there was the uh uh
the kind of go-to star of the musical
and she got really jealous that this
girl I met during
karaoke long people have already caught
what it was and then it kept going my
best friend turned to me and said Zach
you got to get your head in the game you
got to get it get get get wonder who
composed that musical cuz that song
carried it those whole songs all I agree
I'll say that they're amazing so in
terms of the treat now do you want to
try lot
iced hot oh I'm considering hot but I
think I'm going to go ice chai ice chai
chai for sure this is like the order
that I got when I was too scared to get
coffee when I was a child yeah and I'd
say I'd like the coffee shop Ambiance
but I'm actually going to go iced chai
I'm looking around us and I'm seeing
only paper cups and I am concerned you
think that there's no way they're going
to give you ice to stay it's going to be
a pint glass it's going to shatter on
the bricks of the
Americana I mean ultimately Zach I do
think either way it will be
okay maybe not he's going to throw it a
little fit look at him he's sitting
there all lounging he's garbling it's
it's sizzling to the he is primed here's
the thing you viewers don't get to see
at home I'm a Diva that's right and I if
if I don't get my way yeah I make it
hell for the people around me
Jesus I make it a living [ __ ] hell if
I don't have a pank glass you by the way
I do want to go the Barnes & Noble also
brings me back there's a lot of things
about the mall that are very um
Nostalgia triggering for for me you you
all have heard the thing that Barn that
bookstores make people poop yeah oh yeah
it's like a there's a word for it
there's a Japanese word for it because
it's a phenomenon that bookstores make
you have to take a dump and and people
don't know if it's the smell of the
books or the psycho sematic oh you think
it's the sound the silence the silence
makes the poo poo crawl on out you know
what I'll say too I was theid if you've
ever seen a child at the Barnes & no I
haven't
if you've ever seen a child or at the V
or the Walden books or the Borders Books
yeah RP on their tummy reading a little
manga a that boy was me and you see
yourself in them no I was that kid I was
in the Walen books on my tummy reading
all not buying the books on my tummy my
mom's and JC Penny doing who God knows
what and I'm in the Walden books and I'm
on my dummy and I'm reading just sloes
of manga manga oh yeah but I'm in the
Alberts and reading j14
you're in the Albertson's the grocery
store yeah reading what j14 oh by the
way the magazine section was also yeah
you could catch me in the magazine
section of the grocery story and finding
out what's going on with Liam Payne at
the time he was all the rage but no
longer I'll say this you could catch me
reading manga in the grocery store
because there was a manga named Shonen
jump and it was a subscription based
manga that you would get and it was
chapters like two chapters from you have
to buy per chapter no it would be like
okay so it's like the this Anthology
every month you get it and it was one
chapter from like 10 different things so
you could read them like and follow
along you by week There's new things oh
and I would read that in the Food Lion
in North Carolina Food Lion what is the
Food Lion there's a grocery store oh oh
got it Food lioner Food Lion all right
so hot CH ice ice chai hot chai oat oh
yeah oh mine's got to be whole yeah you
got to go hole it's going to be the iced
hole and then we'll see what I get I got
to look as large as possible and get
some merch in there cuz it's on the
company right so just get some like
merch some mugs some are you going on
our behalf Rainey yeah oh my God I think
it's my turn actually okay I think so I
think rotation wise rotation wise it
would be R I'm having a great time with
these headphones yeah that's interesting
I'm loving listening we've been talking
about this on we talked about this on in
perfect person because you were on my
podcast and you haven't heard of it you
haven't heard of it you said that uh
because you don't listen to yourself now
how do you feel it's changing you
currently to be on the plog listening to
yourself I think that when you are able
to hear yourself it does chill your
energy yeah it does um because you don't
want to be screaming in your own
ear yeah you want to be sort of a cool
chill guy that's talking like uh oh what
I'm a little scholar short and stout
here's my handle here's my handle here's
my my spout I am uh
feeling like nothing matters in a very
beautiful Blissful way a nihilism for
the girlies n a little nihilism As a
treat yeah I guess it is I'm just I'm
I'm sitting here in the mall and this
the shrine of capitalism but I'm I it's
perfectly manicured and I like it you
know there's something about we're at
the Americana it's a very artificial
local yes and it's artificial in a way
that it's working for me it's sort of
Italian but only by Design not oh wait
does it yeah does it not feel like we're
in a little Italian I think that's how
it's meant it's meant to feel like a
little Italian Village and like not to
talk about it but we're surrounded
almost exclusively by old Italian men
yes no that's also it which is sort of
odd yeah I'm very confused and actually
Frank Sinatra is playing back no I think
that that's also part of it what is
happening here but I there's a comfort
to it that really does it's like oh yeah
like this we could be in freaking Milan
Tuscany Tuscany I said Milan but it
could be Tuscany I don't know the
difference have you ever been uh no I've
been several times wow are you Italian
no B newor is actually American I made
it up but I I think that that's the
comfort of the M like this it's also it
feels like a place that you could just
come at 9:00 a.m. a.m and be here all
day see a movie get a lunch go to the
tum store go to the Apple Store go to
the Tumi what does Tumi sell uh is it
bags bags maybe you can catch me at the
Tumi buying a hand Pur catch me at the
Tumi on my stomach reading manga catch
me at the T me I'm greeing the manual to
my roller
bag I mean yeah like obviously we could
do plog it to me i' get that would go
nuts oh my God such has such a
widespread audience I here's the thing
though is that I feel like we have to
save that podcast for Tumi has to be
2029 that's that's like people are going
to be like what more can they do they
don't got it anymore and then it's
podcasted to me and people go oh [ __ ] we
have got it we've made a home for
ourselves in Burbank but I think coming
on down here to Glendale and doing a one
by one at the mall does seem nice huge
news what I just got invited to pickle
ball pickle ball are you nervous
if I'm you I'm nervous about playing
pickle ball here's the thing is that
wait
what I could take you in bigle ball oh
yeah you probably could take me in bigle
ball yeah cuz I've played three
times you have yeah and how did you feel
afterwards you felt good about the
situation I mean I have to like ice my
achy little body pickle ball is sort of
one of those Sports you can play as an
old man though right right that's the
that seems to be the appeal less running
less running it's mostly just like I got
to hit this [ __ ] thing you hit it in
is it the room with am I thinking of
squash it's a white room you're thinking
of squash pickle ball is squash is
intense tnis with the little ball little
well bigger ball bigger ball bigger
bigger ball different uh smaller paddle
what do you feel like is it like Ping
Pong or like bad mitton bigger bigger
than pingpong bigger than ping pong
bigger than bad
mitt yeah comparable same size as bad
mitt but it's a little bigger it's not a
shuttle [ __ ] it's a um it's a it's a
ball cocky cocky ball the cocking ball
Co hug shuttle I mean I am interested in
I me and my friends have been recently
saying like we'd love to play Pick A
basketball because I think that you'll
wreck your knees yeah that's fine like
I'm actually at the point where so
you're going to get an injury that that
takes you I welcome it four times as
long to recover from than it should that
what here's the thing that I actually
was thinking about we teach all of our
kids these Sports uhhuh that'll wreck
their then they can't play as they get
older like like we were talking with
Elliot at your party uh uh he's one of
our editors and parties I came I came to
your birthday party what are you talking
about yeah I got an invite of course
glad came I got a show you know I got to
make an appearance that's right give
people what they want got to you know
you're signing autographs I got to show
the tabloids you walked up to a group of
friends who didn't know where you were
and you were like all right autographs
come wait by the way there was someone
at your party who was drunk who I don't
know if they knew you and they were like
laughing in the hall like realizing try
guys what I like heard them they'd be
like oh try guys and I'm like get the
[ __ ] out like wait they didn't know who
you're on our turf bro that's so funny
who was it well I don't know I don't
know them it probably like a friend of a
friend who supposed to be a safe space
that's damn right so you were at my
party you were talking Elliott and he
used to play soccer and loved it but you
can't play soccer as a as a man I
thought he still played no no because if
you play soccer now you're going to get
[ __ ] up that's why you got to get into
VR
soccer just kicking your wall so hard
accident
there was a um you know there was that
charity match where all sorts of
YouTubers like Mr Beast I saw him got
get slide tackled and if I'm him can't
think of anything less desirable Al he's
buff now well yeah he's got he's on that
Zuckerberg plan no Mr Beast was
literally like I feel nothing cuz I am
the most one of the most powerful
20-some in the world I'm now going to
get buffed because there's no other
choice for me which I think is like at
that point that's why like Elon Musk or
whatever does Jiu-Jitsu [ __ ] him but
what you're going to [ __ ] him no I'm not
I you did you just say I would [ __ ] him
never in a million years would I let him
kiss me let alone touch me so no kissing
no kissing purely sexual God damn ity
this is going to be whole now this is
going to be a disaster if you mess up
the hole versus the oat this is
ho rainy is back uh the drinks look
incredible that said just for the record
I know y'all at home wanted to know they
are not in little porcelain cups
unfortunately they're not in well iced
in a porcelain you out of your mind
mind yes I've never seen an ice in a
porcel I've seen an ice in a glass I'm
going to wait to take a sip even though
it's really tempting for me but what
were talking about yeah they all do like
crazy [ __ ] Action Sports in karate
literally Mar Zu like a black belt
that's our gal R they feel they're just
like I have to be buff now I'm so rich
that I have no choice but to like do
something else what's it going to take
for you to put uh put on a couple lbs
when you going to start me yeah well now
that I yeah I mean I have thought about
it cuz I'm like all right look I'm a I'm
a small business owner now I have my I
run my own schedule what if I get crazy
ripped you could just become a fitness
channel that's a horrible idea I don't
have the patience to be truly buff but I
do probably have the patience to be like
a little bit more guys guys a little bit
more just everyone be [ __ ] cool like
I think
guys [ __ ] cool okay so one security
guard just walked by and another is
walking by and they're going to say hey
are you guys allowed to film here and
we're going to say
yeah so that's that he's walking the by
and he walked by guys this is
interesting we sort of just we [ __ ]
did it I can't believe that we just kind
of got away and he didn't even look back
there we just had but they did do a lap
no no they're too different we had a
double pass by they're just nervous cuz
they think we're only doing audio mhm
when we when we lie when we lie at Ikea
and we say we're just recording audio
and it's on the recording on the record
is that fine to do I worried about like
that what if we what if we bring this to
the Supreme Court well no it's not that
I'm just worried that one day decide to
run for office freedom and it's like a
she lied you can see it or just like say
something crazy Ry no one with a podcast
can run for office you think that you
have a chance to run for office now
after you talking exclusively about so
many things the Pod we have said so much
dumb [ __ ] there is you think I got to
just I got to close that dream or what
if my husband runs and it's like well
his wife but that's okay I think that's
totally fine that's fine I mean honestly
I think you could run you just have to
run as a republican what they don't even
care they don't even care what you say
they'd be like [ __ ] yeah rainy's
going off like okay she's talking about
like I did Once Upon a Time think that
later in life maybe I would want to get
into
politics I'm not kidding yeah I could
see you
actually this was like a couple years
ago it was like in the middle of my try
guys career because we like to do a lot
with [ __ ] that matters you know there's
a lot of issues that actually yeah
what's what's up next for [ __ ] that
matters video uh great question okay the
third person's coming and so oh now hey
what's up
[Music]
hi